tools.
I like to make an analogy to learning to become a carpenter.
Imagine that someone is teaching you how to be a carpenter and they say, here's a hammer, here's a screwdriver, here's a saw, good luck.
Well, that's no good, right?
You have all these tools, but the more important thing is to learn how to use these tools properly.
There's a huge difference between people that know how to use these machine learning algorithms versus people that don't know how to use these tools well.
Here's the Silicon Valley when I live.
When I go visit different companies, even at the top Silicon Valley companies, very often I see people trying to apply machine learning algorithms to some problem and sometimes they'll happen growing at it for six months.
But sometimes when I look at what they're doing, I say, you know, I could have told them, like, gee, I could have told you six months ago that you should be taking your learning algorithm and applying it in like the slightly modified way and your chance of success would have been much higher.
So what we're going to do in this class is actually spend a lot of time talking about how if you're actually trying to develop a machine learning system, how to make those best practices type decisions about the way in which you build your system so that when you're applying learning algorithm, you're less likely to end up one of those people who end up pursuing some path for six months that, you know, someone else could have figured out just some wasn't going to work at all and it's just a waste of time for six months.
So I'm actually going to spend a lot of time teaching you those sorts of best practices in machine learning and AI and how to get the stuff to work and how we do it and how the best people do it is Silicon Valley and around the world.
I hope to make you one of the best people at knowing how to design and build serious machine learning and AI systems.
So that's machine learning and these are the main topics I hope to teach.
In the next video, I'm going to define what is supervised learning and after that what is unsupervised learning and also start to talk about when you will use.
